# ElecStore
### Note this repo was added due to previous work being lost on a dead Hard drive so I didn't have much time

## Introduction 
E-commerce is fast gaining ground as an accepted and used business paradigm. More and more businesses are implementing websites that provide functionality for performing commercial transactions over the web. It is reasonable to say that the process of shopping on the web has become commonplace. The objective of this project is to develop a general-purpose e-commerce store where electronic products can be bought from the comfort of home through the Internet. However, for implementation purposes, this paper will deal with an online shopping for electronics. An online store is a virtual store on the Internet where customers can browse the product list select products of interest. The selected items may be collected in a shopping cart. At checkout time, the items in the shopping cart will be presented as an order. This project provides an easy access to Administrators to view Stock items, search and update the stock database. In order to develop an e-commerce website, a number of Technologies must be studied and understood. These include multi-tiered architecture, server and client-side scripting techniques, implementation technologies such as Angular Js. This is a project with the objective to develop a basic website where a consumer is provided with a shopping cart application and also to know about the technologies used to develop such an application.
